content/post/from-dmz-to-jeju.md, before:

---
title: "From DMZ to Seoul to Jeju"
date: 2017-08-28T23:53:01-05:00
featured_image: /images/background.jpg
description: "what you don't know about the peninsula"
draft: true
---

## "fire and fury like the world has never seen"

I had the chance to visit South Korea this summer and it's too bad that that it's known mainly for the unfriendly neighbor that lives up North. Granted, there **is** an angry man armed with ICBMs capable of leveling the peninsula there but I'd be lying if I said I felt as much animosity and tension as the media conveys when I was at the **physical border** between the two countries.

I bet you came here for the DMZ but S. Korea is so much more than that. But even with its gorgeous national parks and seemingly ubiquitous wifi, our attention goes to the country only when the US is conducting drills there with Korean soldiers or when Kim Jong Un has issued another threat to the White House. And [some of our citizens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ugJZhL-cbc) don't exactly know where North Korea is on a map. Sure, it is cherry-picked but the writers at Jimmy Kimmel sure know which questions to ask people on the streets of LA.

But anyways, here is a summary of my visit to the DMZ and JSA (Joint Security Area). I hope I can keep you reading further that that though.

Before you read any further, take a look at this image (no I didn't turn up the saturation; Korea is just **that** green). It's called Reunification Bridge and it represents hope for a united Korea, one in which all mistakes are forgiven and there is hope for an Earth at peace, something that becomes harder and harder to attain when our president talks about unleashing "fire and fury like the world has never seen".

![Reunification Bridge](/images/DSC_0094.JPG)

## Sir, if you touch the soldier, he WILL touch you back.

S. Korea has really monetized on this DMZ thing. And for good reason. Where else in the world can you look at a totalitarian dictatorship from which important exports like juvenile bigotry and nuclear arms capture the media on a regular basis?

We booked the trip about a week before and they take care of you for the whole day from about 8AM to 5PM. The first part of the tour is through the infiltration tunnels that North Korea built. [Only four have been found](http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/02/world/asia/north-korea-dmz-tunnels/index.html) so far but the South suspects that there are more still hidden. At first, N. Korea denied building them but after the South found drilled holes for TNT pointed towards the South, they claimed they were using it as a coal mine. [There is no coal in the area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_Tunnel_of_Aggression#cite_ref-ssd_5-0). The theory is that the North was building an array of tunnels to attack the South in unison. It is logistically impossible now with the amount of infantry placed at the border but I guess it was feasible when they were building them.
















// end

Commit message:

Configure styles on homepage, image to right, archetype update for post, add twitter handle button

content/post/from-dmz-to-jeju.md, after:

---
title: "From DMZ to Seoul to Jeju"
date: 2017-08-28T23:53:01-05:00
featured_image: /images/background.jpg
description: "what you don't know about the peninsula"
draft: true
twitterHandle: SamarthDave512
---

## "fire and fury like the world has never seen"

I had the chance to visit South Korea this summer and it's too bad that that it's known mainly for the unfriendly neighbor that lives up North. Granted, there **is** an angry man armed with ICBMs capable of leveling the peninsula there but I'd be lying if I said I felt as much animosity and tension as the media conveys when I was at the **physical border** between the two countries.

I bet you came here for the DMZ but S. Korea is so much more than that. But even with its gorgeous national parks and seemingly ubiquitous wifi, our attention goes to the country only when the US is conducting drills there with Korean soldiers or when Kim Jong Un has issued another threat to the White House. And [some of our citizens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ugJZhL-cbc) don't exactly know where North Korea is on a map. Sure, it is cherry-picked but the writers at Jimmy Kimmel sure know which questions to ask people on the streets of LA.

Anyways, here's a summary of my visit to the DMZ and JSA (Joint Security Area). But before you read any further, take a look at this image (no I didn't turn up the saturation; Korea is just **that** green). It's called Reunification Bridge and it represents hope for a united Korea, one in which all mistakes are forgiven and there is hope for an Earth at peace, something that becomes harder and harder to attain when our president talks about unleashing "fire and fury like the world has never seen".

![Reunification Bridge](/images/DSC_0094.JPG)

## "Sir, if you touch the soldier, he WILL touch you back."

S. Korea has really monetized on this DMZ thing. And for good reason. Where else in the world can you look at a totalitarian dictatorship from which important exports like juvenile bigotry and nuclear arms capture the media on a regular basis?

We booked the trip about a week before and they take care of you for the whole day from about 8AM to 5PM. We had to provide credentials like passport and other ID so the government of South Korea and the UN know that you'll be there. The first part of the tour is through the infiltration tunnels that North Korea built. [Only four have been found](http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/02/world/asia/north-korea-dmz-tunnels/index.html) so far but the South suspects that more are still hidden. At first, N. Korea denied building them. Then they discovered that holes for the TNT in the mines were pointed at the South. The North responded by saying they were mining coal. [There is no coal in the area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_Tunnel_of_Aggression#cite_ref-ssd_5-0). The theory is that the North was building an array of tunnels to attack the South in unison. It's logistically impossible now with the amount of infantry placed at the border but I guess it was feasible when they were building them.


















// end
